[Music]
when you look at the bands that hook on
the x3 and the ground plate also they're
a very soft material and they're
designed to give you hundreds of pounds
when dr. Shaun Baker does deadlift he
handles over 700 pounds at the top
because he's a very tall guy that's all
you are the more stretch there is he's
six four so incredible forces and these
are also layered bands sometimes the top
layer gets some tiny little Nicks and
scrapes now obviously if there's a cut
in the band like through multiple layers
or through all the layers and that band
should be replaced but what we've
noticed is over time some of these bands
just get little Nixon phrase but it
really has to do with the fact that
latex is a very soft material and it
gets little Nixon phrase in it but it
still performs just fantastic
I'm now coming up on three years I've
been using x3 because I had it earlier
than everybody else
you know I designed it and then and then
got the prototype so my first set of
bands I still have they don't look
pretty but they work perfectly so the
analogy I like to use is like a rubber
tire on your car you can buy a new car
with new tires on it and the tires look
great and the car looks great you drive
it for five hundred miles the car still
looks great but the tires they don't
look new anymore but they're still gonna
go another 10,000 miles so it doesn't
really matter so don't worry too much
about the bands unless like I said
there's a cut that goes all the way
through or something like that that one
should be replaced and you know we have
customer service for questions beyond
that